.\" revisor - Fedora compose and customize tool
.TH "revisor" "8" "Fedora Unity Project"  "Jeroen van Meeuwen" ""
.SH "NAME"
revisor \- Fedora compose and customize tool
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.PP
revisor [options]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
Revisor is a customization program for Fedora, CentOS and other Red Hat-based distribution deriatives.

.SH "OPTIONS"
.PP
The options below, if specified on the CLI, will override any global and model options specified in the configuration file(s) loaded.
.PP
-h, \fB--help\fP            show a help message and exit

.SH Runtime Options:
.PP
\fB--cli\fP
    Force Revisor to run in CLI mode. (see also 'Running in CLI or in GUI mode')

\fB--gui\fP
    Force Revisor to run in GUI mode. Does not fallback to CLI and thus shows GUI related errors. (see also 'Running in CLI or in GUI mode')

\fB--list-models\fP
    List available models. This lists the available models from a Revisor configuration file. See also \fBrevisor.conf(5)\fP.

\fB--debug\fP [level]
    Enable debugging level. The level runs from 0 (high-level messages) to 9 (very, very low-level messages).

\fB--yes\fP
    Answer 'yes' to all questions.

.SH Configuration Options:
.PP
\fB--kickstart=[kickstart file]\fP
    Use kickstart file

\fB--kickstart-save=[file name]\fP
    Save options to given file (as a kickstart)

\fB--config=[config file]\fP
    Revisor configuration file to use

\fB--source\fP
    Get the sources to go with the binaries

\fB--destination-directory=[directory]\fP
    Destination directory for products

\fB--working-directory=[directory]\fP
    Working directory

\fB--model=[model]\fP
    Model to use for composing. Use \fB--list-models\fP to get a list of models.

\fB--respin\fP
    Mode to use for composing updated spins

.SH Installation Media Options:
.PP
\fB--install-cd\fP
    Create Installation Media CDs

\fB--install-dvd\fP
    Create Installation Media DVDs

\fB--install-unified\fP
    Create Unified ISO from install tree

\fB--install-dvd-dl\fP
    Create Installation Media Dual-Layered DVDs

\fB--install-raw\fP
    Build raw HDD install image.

\fB--install-tree\fP
    Build install tree.

\fB--kickstart-include\fP
    Include kickstart file on media

\fB--kickstart-default\fP
    Set kickstart to boot by default

\fB--revisor-comps\fP
    Use Revisor's comps file instead of the repositories.

\fB--updates-img=[updates image]\fP
    Include specified updates.img on installation media.

.SH Live Media Options:
.PP
\fB--live-optical\fP
    Create Live Media CD/DVD

\fB--live-usb-thumb\fP
    Create Live Media Thumb Drive Image

\fB--live-usb-hd\fP
    Create Live Media Hard Disk Image

\fB--live-raw\fP
    Create Live Media Raw Hard Disk Image

\fB--live-shell\fP
    Interactively work in the live image before building the ISO image.

\fB--skip-compression\fP
    Skip file system compression.

\fB--skip-prelink\fP
    Skip prelinking the contents of the filesystem.

\fB--ignore-deleted\fP
    Ignore filesystem overhead. Useless blocks will not be removed from the filesystem.

\fB--preferred-kernel\fP
    Set the preferred kernel. One of normal, PAE, xen or debug.

.SH Virtualization Media Options (Available with revisor-modvirt):
.PP
\fB--virt-xen=[guest name]\fP
    Build Xen virtual machine. (not implemented yet)

\fB--virt-xen-size=[drive size in MB]\fP
    Xen virtual machine drive size, in MB. (Default: 3000MB) (not implemented yet)

\fB--virt-kvm=[guest name]\fP
    Build KVM virtual machine. (not implemented yet)

\fB--virt-kvm-size=[drive size in MB]\fP
    KVM virtual machine drive size, in MB. (Default: 3000MB) (not implemented yet)

\fB--virt-fstype=[filesystem type]\fP
    Virtual machine file system type. (Default: ext3) (not implemented yet)

\fB--virt-sparse\fP
    Make virtual machine drive a sparse filesystem. (not implemented yet)

\fB--virt-stateless\fP
    Make virtual machine stateless (changes do not persist.) (not implemented yet)

\fB--virt-appliance\fP
    Build virtual machine as an appliance using a simple raw drive image and yum. (Doesn't require virt. tech. to be running locally.) (not implemented yet)

.SH Cobbler Options (Available with revisor-modcobbler):

\fB--cobbler-add=[name]\fP
    Add compose to a Cobbler server as both a Distribution and Profile.

\fB--cobbler-add-profile=[profile-name]\fP
    Add compose options as a Profile to a Cobbler server. Requires \fB--cobbler-use-distro\fP to be specified as well.

\fB--cobbler-use-distro=[distro-name]\fP
    Use a Cobbler distro as source for packages.

\fB--cobbler-use-profile=[profile-name]\fP
    Use a Cobbler profile as source for kickstart data.

\fB--cobbler-list\fP
    List options provided by cobbler.

\fB--cobbler-server=[server-address]\fP
    Use remote cobbler server.

.SH Delta Options (Available with revisor-moddelta):

\fB--delta=[old-iso-image]\fP
    Generate a delta ISO image. Currently only valid for a single disc or directory holding Installation Media ISOs named exactly the same as the product.

.SH Jigdo Options (Available with revisor-modjigdo):

\fB--mirror-directory=[directory]\fP
    Use this directory as the base.

.SH "Running in CLI or in GUI mode"

The \fB--cli\fP and \fB--gui\fP options are particularly useful when debugging. When running Revisor on a server with X11Forwarding enabled, you might want to force CLI mode with \fB--cli\fP
while if you are troubleshooting the GUI you force Revisor to run in GUI mode by specifying \fB--gui\fP.

Revisor will (always) first attempt to start in GUI mode. If that fails because of some reason, Revisor falls back to running in CLI mode unless of course \fB--gui\fP had been specified
on the command line. Possible reasons to fail starting in GUI mode include:

    - Display environment variable not set.
    - Connection to display refused.
    - Package revisor-modgui not installed.
    - Cannot open display (Also known as 'Cannot import gtk')

.SH "Modules in Revisor"

Revisor by has a number of modules available:

    - \fBrevisor-cobbler\fP
        Some detailed plugin description here

    - \fBrevisor-delta\fP
        Some detailed plugin description here

    - \fBrevisor-gui\fP
        Some detailed plugin description here

    - \fBrevisor-jigdo\fP
        Some detailed plugin description here

    - \fBrevisor-virt\fP
        Some detailed plugin description here

.SH "SEE ALSO"

\fBpungi(8)\fP, \fBlivecd-creator(8)\fP, \fBcobbler(8)\fP, \fBjigdo(1)\fP